# Password-Generator
A program that will generate a password based on user-selected criteria, and post it to the screen
My code generates this password via function generatePassword(). The first thing that occurs is the prompting of character types that the user can include in the password.
    These character types are further fleshed out in the *case array variables from lines 27-30. When any given character type is approved by the user, the entire respective *case array variable is pushed into the empty array selectionArray, via lines 32-43. This continues until all included character types are chosen. 
    If no character types are chosen, the program alerts them to this and the program ends. Can't make a password out of no characters.
After this, the code prompts for a character limit (characterCount), between 8 and 128 characters. If characterCount is outside of those limits, the user is reprompted in a do-while loop.
Now we start generating a password. A for-loop will run until characterCount is reached, which will select a single, random character for each iteration. 
    A selector is chosen each iteration based on Math.random(), which will choose the character type (from selectionArray) based on its result. There are four cases within this loop - one for 4 character types chosen, one for 3 character types chosen, and so on. WITHIN those available character types to choose from, the selector variable is then assessed, and the character type is chosen based on the result of selector. This type is then saved in variable typeSelect. The specific character for this iteration will then be chosen from among that character type (from its respective, selected array typeSelect).
Finally, the specific character is chosen. To do so, another random selector, innerSelector, is defined, which is based on the length of the chosen character type typeSelect - this will essentially choose a random element within the array for each iteration of the for-loop. After each loop, the result of innerSelector will then be pushed into empty array passArray as a final character in the password. This will then continue until the character limit characterCount is reached. 
Ultimately, the password array passArray is joined (through .join) to create the final variable 'password'. I pushed to an array here and then joined, rather than += to an empty string, because I received multiple 'undefined' characters within the final password via a string addition method, and this array.push method fixed that. 
    This password is then alerted to the user.